Archeologists have been able to trace tool use back millions of years, to the very birth of human civilization. Next to language, tool use is regarded as the Promethean moment in our own evolutionary history and a beacon for the awakening of yet other intelligent species under the sea~\citep{finn2009defensive, mann2013tool}, on the savannas~\citep{chevalier1993tool}, among the treetops~\citep{bertagnolio1994tool}, and perhaps higher still~\citep{kaplan1981astroengineering, carrigan2012interstellar}. Psychologists have only begun to understand the role of infant tool use in the motor development~\citep{adolph2007motor} of humans and other primates~\citep{hayashi2003cognitive, keller2016orangutans}. Inspired by developmental psychology~\citep{min2016affordance}, some roboticists are now studying tool use in the context of affordance learning~\citep{stoytchev2005behavior,sinapov2007learning} and intrinsic motivation~\citep{forestier2016curiosity} in autonomous agents.

With the dawn of the information age, our species is on the brink of a new adolescent era. The same organs once evolved for motion planning in Euclidean configuration space are being employed in ways never dreamt by our progenitors. In this era, one lifetime and the brightest minds of our generation are barely enough to penetrate the boundaries of human knowledge. Engineers must spend the first half of their intellectual careers on knowledge acquisition. Scientists toil for years to build infrastructure needed to run simple experiments. If we are to sprout higher branches from our tree of knowledge, send taproots into deeper wells of understanding, nature's endowments can only carry us so far. If humankind is to reach its full potential in the time we are allotted, its growing population of knowledge workers will need a new toolset to transcend the rising complexity of innovation.

Each step of the knowledge creation process is fraught with incidental complexity arising from the acquisition and mastery of domain-specific expertise, the discovery and transfer of existing knowledge, the design and prototyping process, the validation and verification of those designs, and finally the upkeep and operational aspects of putting knowledge systems into production. This whole enterprise requires an enormous amount of human resources to effectively choreograph. In the information industry, these individuals are often called \textit{architects}, \textit{engineers}, \textit{developers}, \textit{programmers}, or simply \textit{coders}.\footnote{Conflate any of these camps and they will surely protest, but the differences are mostly exaggerated.} According to some surveys~\citep{data2018global}, their population is projected to exceed 61 million by 2020, not to mention the management and administration of their activities in the workplace.
